Monitoring audit logging (#352)
elastic/docs-content: deploy-manage/monitor/logging-configuration/logfile-audit-output.md

Author: If you mean `logfile` output that page has a section that is purely about configuration and the other that is more descriptive of the format of the logs.

I wanted to hide it a bit more as L3 because the config part of the doc is only relevant for self-managed clusters.

I also thought that leaving only 3 elements in L2 looked good (enabling, configuring, correlating data), but I'm totally ok with a change, let's talk about it.

Author: This one I've kept it. As talked yesterday I prefer to not touch that original doc too much and also I prefer to not give more visibility (opposite to the audit search queries that we've moved to L2).

  stack: all
---

# Elasticsearch logfile audit output [audit-log-output]

> The `logfile` audit output is the only output for auditing. By default, it writes data to the `<clustername>_audit.json` file in the logs directory. The file is also rotated and archived daily or upon reaching the 1GB file size limit.

Reviewer: the logs dir is irrelevant to everything but self-managed, right?

Author: yes, that's one of my main concerns of this page :-D
Help!!!

In self-managed clusters, you can configure how the `logfile` is written in the `log4j2.properties` file located in `ES_PATH_CONF` (or check out the relevant portion of the [log4j2.properties in the sources](https://github.com/elastic/elasticsearch/blob/master/x-pack/plugin/core/src/main/config/log4j2.properties)). However, **Elastic strongly recommends using the default Log4j2 configuration**.

> Orchestrated deployments (Elastic Cloud, Elastic Cloud Enterprise (ECE), and Elastic Cloud on Kubernetes (ECK)) do not support changes in `log4j2.properties` files of the {{es}} instances.

Reviewer: in this tight space we can just use acronyms. ideally, we wouldn't even use brackets and could just link to a definition

be careful about conflating "elastic cloud" with "elastic cloud hosted" 

```suggestion
Orchestrated deployments (ECH, ECE, and ECK) do not support changes in `log4j2.properties` files of the {{es}} instances.
```

alt:

```suggestion
No other deployment types support changes in `log4j2.properties` files of the {{es}} instances.
```

::::{note} 
If you overwrite the `log4j2.properties` and do not specify appenders for any of the audit trails, audit events are forwarded to the root appender, which by default points to the `elasticsearch.log` file.
::::

For {{es}} configuration options that control event filtering in audit logs, refer to [](./configuring-audit-logs.md).

> ## Log entry format [audit-log-entry-format] 

Reviewer: is the json file accessible, or do we think it's ok even if it's not because the monitoring instance consumes the json regardless of deployment type

Author: I think it's ok because even if the user doesn't see `file` in orchestrated deployments, they will end up seeing the `json`. So this informative section is the most important part of this file for all deployment types.
